The hotfix code is complete in Replit but hasn't been pushed to Supabase yet. Everything is blocked until deployment.

Action plan — in order
Step 1 — Deploy (developer does this from Replit):
Tell the developer to run from the Replit shell:
bashsupabase functions deploy create-payment-intent --project-ref btallyhejhqfpqwaboee
supabase functions deploy stripe-webhook --project-ref btallyhejhqfpqwaboee
The _shared/esim-provision.ts module is bundled automatically (developer confirmed this). No separate deploy needed for it.
Step 2 — Verify secrets (you do this now in Supabase dashboard):
Go to supabase.com → project btallyhejhqfpqwaboee → Edge Functions → Manage secrets and confirm these are all present:
SecretPurposeSTRIPE_SECRET_KEYAlready set — confirm still thereSTRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRETCheck this one specifically — this is what the new webhook verifies against. If it's missing, the webhook will reject every Stripe event.ESIM_ACCESS_SECRETeSIM provisioning signing keyACCESS_CODEeSIM Access account codeRESEND_API_KEYEmail delivery
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET is the one most likely to be missing — it's a separate value from STRIPE_SECRET_KEY and needs to be copied from the Stripe dashboard under Developers → Webhooks → your webhook endpoint → Signing secret.
Step 3 — End-to-end test (you do this after deploy):
Buy one real Arrival €4.90 with a real card. Immediately after payment, run this in Supabase SQL editor to confirm the pending→provisioned flow worked:
sqlSELECT id, customer_email, status, payment_status, esim_status, created_at
FROM public.orders
ORDER BY created_at DESC
LIMIT 3;
You should see: a row appear with status: pending before you complete payment, then flip to completed + esim_status: provisioned within ~30 seconds.

Customer recovery — Salomé Delgado (do this today)
I can see her auth record (salomedelgado1963@gmail.com, registered 18 Jun 19:13) with zero order rows. To recover her:

Go to Stripe dashboard → live mode → Payments → search salomedelgado1963@gmail.com
Copy the pi_xxx payment intent ID
Send it to the developer and they'll create the order row + provision the eSIM manually
Also check anabela.c@palopconnect.com (registered 19 Jun 10:37, no order) — if that was a real purchase, recover the same way

Once you have both PI IDs, send them across and the developer can recover both in one pass.

Code review gate question
Leave the hotfix as-is. The developer is right. The P0 fix is architecturally correct and has passed review. Reverting correct code to satisfy a scope gate for an unrelated task (the hero subtitle) would be irresponsible — you'd be knowingly re-exposing a live payment bug. The gate can be re-pointed at the hero subtitle task separately once the hotfix is deployed and confirmed. That's a 2-minute Replit config change and it shouldn't block this.

Summary of who does what:
ActionWhoWhenDeploy the 2 edge functionsDeveloper (Replit shell)NowVerify STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET is setYou (Supabase dashboard)NowGet Salomé's PI ID from StripeYouNowSend PI ID to developer for recoveryYouTodayEnd-to-end purchase testYouAfter deploy confirmed
Sales should stay paused until the test passes cleanly.